hi well I've got this Smith & Wesson
Model 630 2-1 out here
PowerPort pro series chambered and 327
federal and I'm going to try a few shots
with it today with a variety of
different kinds of ammo so I'll get it
loaded up here and we'll try a few shots
okay first off I'm going to try some of
this federal American Eagle 100 grain
soft point so this is pretty stiff ammo
and from past experience even with that
porting this little gun kicks quite a
bit
then we'll go back to the big target it
packs a pretty good little wallop for
such a little bit again okay I'm going
to try something a little different here
it's six-shot revolver and it's loaded
with six different kinds of ammunition
here a little 32 Smith & Wesson next one
32 Smith & Wesson long 32 H&R Magnum and
then an 85 grain hollow-point 327
federal and 85 grain soft point 327
federal and a full-power 100-grain soft
point 327 could be quite a bit of
difference in the recoil here just be
the 32 Smith & Wesson and then the 32
Smith & Wesson was in the 32 and there's
the first three 27 here's the second and
then the full power was a lot of
difference in the recoil there but still
it's it's not as much as 357 Magnum is
and the full power of 327 comes pretty
close to a 357 Magnum in power okay
we'll just have try some of the full
power hundred grain bullets
double-action yes for the Helen it's got
a fair amount of bark to it well just
have to try a few more rounds of 32
Smith & Wesson long in this guide
another 32 Smith & Wesson long is just
about like shooting a little 22 good
accurate little guns got good sights on
it full of six thirty two days one power
port Pro Series is an interesting little
gun and it's not a bad shooter and with
the full power
3:27 federal ammunition it packs a
pretty good punch for such a little gun
build on Smith & Wesson's Magnum jframe
and I did an earlier video with this gun
a non-shooting one and I'll put a link
to that video in the description of this
one and if you're interested in more
information about this gun you can go
check out that video and find out a
little bit more information about it
3:27 federal Magnum Smith & Wesson logo
got well then damn worthless key locks
in it and of course your address line
there and Smith & Wesson
and anyway wanted to do an end a video
shout out and this one for South
Carolina survival and hunting and I'll
put a link to their channel in
description to this video you little
free time go check it out thanks for
watching